Add some cartography algorithms (#4317)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/cartography.rst

  Field or expression to categorize the features.

``Style database (leave blank to use saved symbols)`` [file]

>   File (:file`.XML`) containing the symbols to apply to the input layer categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  File (:file:`XML`) containing the symbols to apply to the input layer categories.
```

  Lists symbols from the provided style database which could not match any category.

.. _qgiscombinestyles:

Combine style databasess
---------------------------------------
Combines multiple QGIS style databases into a single style database.

> If any items of the same type exist with duplicate names between the different source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If items of the same type with the same name exist in different source
```

databases these will be renamed to have unique names in the output combined database.

Parameters
..........

``Input databases`` [file] [list]
  Files containing QGIS style items.

``Objects to combine`` [list]
  Types of style items in the input databases you would like to put in the new
  database. These can be:
  
  * :ref:`Symbols <edit_symbol>`
  * :ref:`Color ramps <color-ramp>`
  * :ref:`Text formats <text_format>`
  * :ref:`Label settings <showlabels>`

Outputs
.......

``Output style database`` [file]
  Output :file:`.XML` file combining the selected style items.

See also
........
:ref:`qgisstylefromproject`

.. _qgisstylefromproject:

Create style database from project
-----------------------------------

> Extracts all style objects (including symbols, color ramps, text formats and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts all style objects (symbols, color ramps, text formats and
```

Reviewer: Or are there more?

Author: No afaik. They were two four months ago but not sure there are more currently.

label settings) from a QGIS project.

The extracted symbols are saved to a QGIS style database (:file:`XML` format),
which can be managed and imported via the :ref:`Style Manager <vector_style_manager>`
dialog.

Parameters
..........

``Input project`` [file]
  A QGIS project file to extract the style items from.

``Objects to extract`` [list]
  Types of style items in the input project you would like to put in the new
  database. These can be:
  
  * :ref:`Symbols <edit_symbol>`
  * :ref:`Color ramps <color-ramp>`
  * :ref:`Text formats <text_format>`
  * :ref:`Label settings <showlabels>`

Outputs
.......

``Output style database`` [file]
  Output :file:`.XML` file storing the selected style items.

See also
........
:ref:`qgiscombinestyles`

.. _qgisprintlayoutmapextenttolayer:

Print layout map extent to layer
--------------------------------

> Creates a polygon layer containing the extent of a print layout map item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a polygon layer containing the bounding box of a print layout map item
```

Reviewer: ?

Author: Isn't the bounding box of a map item same as its extent?

Reviewer: "Extent" can also be used for a polygon. "The geographical extent of India".  So I would say "bounding box" is more precise.

(or items), with attributes specifying the map size (in layout units,
i.e. the :ref:`reference map <reference_map>` units), scale and rotation.

If the map item parameter is specified, then only the matching map extent will
be exported. If it is not specified, all map extents from the layout will be exported.

Optionally, a specific output CRS can be specified. If it is not specified,
the original map item CRS will be used.

Parameters
..........

``Print layout`` [enumeration]
  A print layout in the current project.

``Map item`` [enumeration]
  Optional

  The map item(s) whose information you want to extract.
  If none is provided then all the map items are processed.

  Default: *All the map items*

``Override CRS`` [crs]
  Optional

>   Select the CRS in which the information will be reported.

Author: ```suggestion
  Select the CRS of the layer in which the information will be reported.
```
